Cli app for generating client certificate to use with Bitmark SDK (#1)
bitmark-inc/sdk-key-generator: README.md

## Installation
```bash
go install
```

## Usage

> ### Generate new sdk token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generate client ID and Certificate:
```

Generate a Client ID and Client Certificate.  
Example:
```bash
sdk-key-generator generate --file key.pem
```
After running this, it will generate `key.pem` as Client Certificate file and a `Client ID`.  

> Use the Client Certificate file as input of authentication server to issue new Bitmark SDK token.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Client Certificate file is required to generate Bitmark SDK tokens for your users, please refer to XXX for example usage.
```
